{\rtf1\ansi \deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Tms Rmn;}{\f1\fdecor Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss Helv;}
{\f3\fmodern Courier;\f4\fswiss MS Sans Serif;\f5\fswiss Helvitica;}
{\f6\fswiss Arial;\f7\fswiss Arial Super;\f8\fswiss MS Serif;}
{\f9\froman Times;\f10\froman Times New Roman;\f11\fswiss Verdana;}
}
{\colortbl;

\red127\green0\blue0;
\red0\green127\blue0;
\red127\green127\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue127;
\red127\green0\blue127;
\red0\green127\blue127;
\red127\green127\blue127;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue255;}

\f6\fs18\f6
{${\footnote $ Installation}
#{\footnote # Installation}
K{\footnote K Installation}
+{\footnote + Getting Started:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Installation \fs20\par}
\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Download the latest version of ged2csv\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Run the downloaded executable by double-clicking it in Explorer\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Click {\b Next }on the {\i Welcome to the InstallSheild Wizard for Ged2Csv} screen\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Read the Licence Agreement and agree to the terms.  Click {\b Next }to continue\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Change to destination folder if you don't like the default.  Otherwise, just click {\b Next }to continue\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Click {\b Install }to begin the installation process\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Click {\b Finish} when the installation is complete\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Installed Files}
#{\footnote # Installed_Files}
K{\footnote K Installed Files;ged2csv.cnt;ged2csv.exe;ged2csv.hlp;ged2csv.ini;ged2csv.vpl;license_agreement.rtf;readme.rtf;sample.ged;;VP.dll}
+{\footnote + Getting Started:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Installed Files \fs20\par}
\par
For reference, these files are the files installed during the initial installation process:\par
\par
ged2csv.cnt\par
ged2csv.exe\par
ged2csv.hlp\par
ged2csv.ini\par
ged2csv.vpl\par
license_agreement.rtf\par
readme.rtf\par
sample.ged\par
VP.dll\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Basic Operations}
#{\footnote # Basic_Operations}
K{\footnote K Basic Operations;Open;Save }
+{\footnote + Getting Started:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Basic Operations \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf0 Output using Default Options}\par
If you've just installed Ged2Csv, then all the options are set at the defaults.  Output will be to a set of comma-delimited files.  No MS Access database will be created.\par
\par
Here's the procedure to process a gedcom file and create the comma-delimited files:\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Run Ged2Csv by double-clicking executable in Explorer.\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Click the Open button on the toolbar or select Open from the File menu\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Locate a gedcom file (you can use sample.ged included in the application directory if you don't have one handy) and click OK\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }When Ged2Csv is finished processing the file, click the Save buttion on the toolbar or select Save from the File menu.\par
\par
That's all there is to it.\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Uninstallation}
#{\footnote # Uninstallation}
K{\footnote K Uninstallation}
+{\footnote + Getting Started:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Uninstallation \fs20\par}
\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Open the Windows Control Panel\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Open Add/Remove Programs\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Highlight Ged2Csv\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Click Remove\par
{\tx360\li360\fi-360 {\f1\'B7}\tab }Once the program is removed, verify that the application's directory was deleted and delete if necessary\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ General Options}
#{\footnote # General_Options}
K{\footnote K Options;General Options;Statistics;Quotes;Quote;Quote Character;Paragraph Separator;Remove quotes;Wrap ;Wrap note lines;Separator}
+{\footnote + Tools_Options:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 General Options \fs20\par}
\pard\{button , KLink(Options)\} See Also \brdrt\par
\pard\par
\par
\{bmc images\\general_options.bmp\} \par
\par
{\b Calculate Statistics}\par
Enable/Disable the calculation and display of statistics.  If enabled, these statistics will be calculated and displayed on screen when gedcom processing is finished:\par
- Count of Individuals\par
- Count and percentage of Males\par
- Count and percentage of Females\par
- Count and percentage of Unknown sex\par
- Count of Unique Surnames\par
- Count of Families\par
- Count of Master Sources\par
- Count of Source Citations\par
- Count of Relationships\par
- Count of Facts\par
- Count of Notes\par
{\i Default: Enabled}\par
\par
{\b Remove quotes from notes and sources}\par
Enable/Disable the removal of the double quote character from notes and source.\par
{\i Default: Enabled}\par
\par
{\b Paragraph Separator}\par
Character(s) used to separate paragraphs in notes and source.\par
{\i Default: <br>}\par
\par
{\b Wrap note lines}\par
Enabling this option will insert a paragraph separator after the word closest to the specified number of characters.\par
{\i Default: Disabled and 80 characters}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Delimited File Options}
#{\footnote # Delimited_File_Options}
K{\footnote K Options;Delimited File Options;Delimiter;Record ;Record Delimiter;output files;output }
+{\footnote + Tools_Options:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Delimited File Options \fs20\par}
\par
\{bmc images\\df_options.bmp\} \par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 General Options}\par
\par
{\b Enable save to delimited files}\par
Enables/Disables output to delimited files\par
{\i Default: Enabled}\par
\par
{\b Enable save after processing}\par
Enables/Disables automatic output to delimited files immediately after gedcom processing.\par
{\i Default: Disabled}\par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 Output Options}\par
{\b Record Delimiter}\par
Character used to separate {\uldb Record Fields}{\v Citation_Records} in the output files\par
{\i Default: ,}\par
\par
{\b Quote Character}\par
Character used to enclose {\uldb Record Fields}{\v Citation_Records} in the output files\par
{\i Default: "}\par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 Output Files}\par
Here you can define the file names used for the output files\par
\par
{\b Facts}\par
{\i Default: fact_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Families}\par
{\i Default: families_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Individuals}\par
{\i Default: individuals_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Notes}\par
{\i Default: note_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Relationships}\par
{\i Default: relation_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Master Sources}\par
{\i Default: source_list.txt}\par
\par
{\b Source Citations}\par
{\i Default: citation_list.txt}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ MS Access Database Options}
#{\footnote # MS_Access_Database_Options}
K{\footnote K Options;MS Access Database Options;Access ;Database ;Fields ;table;Access 2000;Access 97}
+{\footnote + Tools_Options:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 MS Access Database Options \fs20\par}
\par
\{bmc images\\access_options.bmp\} \par
\par
NOTE: Ged2Csv will not re-use an existing database file.  If the database file exists in the directory it will be deleted and recreated when you elect to save the output.\par
\par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 General Options}\par
{\b Enable save to MS Access}\par
Enables/Disables output to MS Access database\par
{\i Default: Disabled}\par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 Version Options}\par
{\b MS Access Version}\par
The MS Access database can be saved as either an Access 97 or an Access 2000 file\par
{\i Default: Access 2000}\par
\par
{\b\ul\cf1 File and Table Name Options}\par
Here you can define the database filename and table names for the various tables.  See the {\uldb Record Fields}{\v Citation_Records} topic for more information on the Record Fields that are created in each table.\par
\par
{\b Filename}\par
{\i Default: ged2csv.mdb}\par
\par
{\b Facts}\par
{\i Default: tblFacts}\par
\par
{\b Families}\par
{\i Default: tblFamilies}\par
\par
{\b Individuals}\par
{\i Default: tblIndividuals}\par
\par
{\b Notes}\par
{\i Default: tblNotes}\par
\par
{\b Relationships}\par
{\i Default: tblRelations}\par
\par
{\b Master Sources}\par
{\i Default: tblSources}\par
\par
{\b Source Citations}\par
{\i Default: tblCitations}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ PHP/MySQL Options}
#{\footnote # PHP/MySQL_Options}
K{\footnote K Options;MySQL;PHP;MySQL}
+{\footnote + Tools_Options:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 MySQL \fs20\par}
\par
\{bmc images\\mysql_options.bmp\}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Overview}
#{\footnote # Upload_to_MySQL_Overview}
K{\footnote K Overview}
+{\footnote + Tools_Upload to MySQL:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Overview \fs20\par}
\par
This function allows your your genealogy data directly into a set of MySQL tables on your web server without having to set up an ODBC connection to the database.\par
\par
{\uldb How it works}{\v How_it_works}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ How it works}
#{\footnote # How_it_works}
K{\footnote K How it works}
+{\footnote + Tools_Upload to MySQL:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 How it works \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 How it works}\par
\par
{\uldb Overview}{\v Upload_to_MySQL_Overview}\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Citation Records}
#{\footnote # Citation_Records}
K{\footnote K Citation Records;FactKey;SrcKey;Source}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Record Fields \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b FactKey} ; 20 ; Unique identifier for the fact\par
{\b SrcKey} ; 20 ; Unique identifier for the master source to which the citation is attached\par
{\b Source} ; 65,535 ; Contains information about the citation\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"27","S75","District 109, Sub-District E, Page 66<br>"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Fact Records}
#{\footnote # Fact_Records}
K{\footnote K Fact Records;IndFamKey;Type;Date;Place/Comments;Place;Comments;FactKey}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Fact Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b IndFamKey} ; 20 ; The unique number for the individual or family that the fact belongs to.  This number is the unmodified record identifier for the individual or family from the source gedcom file.\par
{\b Type} ; 35 ; Type of fact, such as Birth, Death, Baptism, Burial, etc\par
{\b Date} ; 35 ; Date when the fact occurred.  The date format is the same as that used in the source gedcom file.  The format is not modified by ged2csv\par
{\b Place/Comments} ; 120 ; Place that the fact occurred or comments about the fact\par
{\b FactKey} ; 20 ; Unique number assigned automatically by ged2csv.\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"I0002","5 Jan 1965","Birth","Paris, France","876"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Family Records}
#{\footnote # Family_Records}
K{\footnote K Family Records;FamKey;Spouse1;Spouse2;Spouse;EndStatus;NoteKey}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Family Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b FamKey} ; 20 ; A unique number for the family.  This number is the unmodified record identifier for the family from the source gedcom file.\par
{\b Spouse1} ; 20 ; IndKey identifying the Husband\par
{\b Spouse2} ; 20 ; IndKey identifying the Wife\par
{\b EndStatus} ; 120 ; Reason for the end of the marriage; divorse, death of one spouse, etc\par
{\b NoteKey} ; 20 ; Unique number for notes attached to this marriage\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"F0042","I0002","I0003","Divorce","N0908"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Individual Records}
#{\footnote # Individual_Records}
K{\footnote K Individual Records;IndKey;Title;Surname;GivenName;Aka;Sex;NoteKey}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Individual Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b IndKey} ; 20 ; A unique number for the individual.  This number is the unmodified record identifier for the individual from the source gedcom file\par
{\b Title} ; 120 ; Official or unofficial title\par
{\b Surname} ; 120 ; Last name\par
{\b GivenName} ; 120 ; First and middle names\par
{\b Aka} ; 120 ; Also Known As or nickname\par
{\b Sex} ; 7 ; Male, Female, or Unknown\par
{\b NoteKey} ; 20 ; Unique number for notes attached to this individual\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"I0002","Duke of Smithville","Smith","Robert","Bob","M","N0005"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Note Records}
#{\footnote # Note_Records}
K{\footnote K Note Records;NoteKey;Text}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Note Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b NoteKey} ; 20 ; A unique number for the note record. This number is the unmodified record identifier for the note from the source gedcom file\par
{\b Text} ; 65,535 ; Text of the note\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"N0001","Bob married his high school sweetheart."\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Relationship Records}
#{\footnote # Relationship_Records}
K{\footnote K Relationship Records;IndKey;FamKey}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Relationship Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b IndKey} ; 20 ; Unique identifier of the individual\par
{\b FamKey} ; 20 ; Unique identifier of the family\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:} \par
"I0002","F0001"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Source Records}
#{\footnote # Source_Records}
K{\footnote K Source Records;SrcKey;Text;NoteKey}
+{\footnote + Output Format:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Source Records \fs20\par}
\par
The record fields are defined below in the following format. \par
{\i Record Name ; Record Length ; Description}\par
\par
{\b SrcKey} ; 20 ; A unique number for the source record. This number is the unmodified record identifier for the master source from the source gedcom file\par
{\b Text} ; 65,535 ; Contains basic information about the master source\par
{\b NoteKey} ; 20 ; Contains additional information about the master source\par
\par
{\i Delimited File Example:}\par
"S01583","Title: 1910 Ohio Census","NS0158"\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Known Issues}
#{\footnote # Known_Issues}
K{\footnote K Known Issues}
+{\footnote + Support:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Known Issues \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 Subordinate notes in family records}\par
Notes that are subordinate to a family record and do not have their own unique resource identifier within the gedcom file are not imported.  \par
\par
{\b\cf1 16-bit Character sets}\par
Gedcom files saved with some 16-bit character sets may not import properly.  If you have problems with strange characters in text fields, then make sure you export your gedcom file as ANSEL or ASCII before importing it into ged2csv.\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Alternate gedcom tags}\par
Most alternate tags are imported.  For example if an individual has two or more birth tags, they will each be imported and added to the facts file/table in the order they were found in the gedcom file.\par
\par
The only exception at this time is the Name tag.  Only the first Name tag is imported.\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Supported Gedcom Tags}
#{\footnote # Supported_Gedcom_Tags}
K{\footnote K Supported Gedcom Tags}
+{\footnote + Support:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Supported Gedcom Tags \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 Individual Tags}\par
\par
{\b Attributes}\par
{\i NAME:} Name\par
{\i ALIA:} Alias\par
{\i TITL:} Title\par
{\i SEX:}  Sex\par
{\i FAMC:} Family Cross-Link\par
{\i NOTE:} Note\par
\par
{\b Events}\par
{\i BIRT:} Birth\par
{\i CHR:}  Christening\par
{\i DEAT:} Death\par
{\i BURI:} Burial\par
{\i CREM:} Cremation\par
{\i BAPM:} Baptism\par
{\i BARM:} Bar Mitzvah\par
{\i BASM:} Bas Mitzvah\par
{\i BLES:} Blessing\par
{\i BAPL:} Baptism (LDS)\par
{\i CHRA:} Christening (Adult)\par
{\i CONF:} Confirmation\par
{\i WILL:} Will\par
{\i PROB:} Probate\par
{\i OCCU:} Occupation\par
{\i SSN:}  Social Security Number\par
{\i CENS:} Census\par
{\i EMIG:} Emmigration\par
{\i IMMI:} Immigration\par
{\i RESI:} Residence\par
{\i FCOM:} First Communion\par
{\i ORDI:} Ordinance\par
{\i NATU:} Naturalization\par
{\i GRAD:} Graduation\par
{\i RETI:} Retirement\par
{\i ADOP:} Adoption\par
{\i CAST:} Caste\par
{\i DSCR:} Physical Description\par
{\i EDUC:} Education\par
{\i IDNO:} ID Number\par
{\i NATI:} Nationality\par
{\i NCHI:} Children Count\par
{\i NMR:}  Marriage Count\par
{\i PROP:} Property/Possessions\par
{\i RELI:} Religion\par
{\i TITL:} Title\par
{\i EVEN:} Custom Event\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Family Tags}\par
\par
{\b Attributes}\par
{\i HUSB:} Husband\par
{\i WIFE:} Wife\par
{\i _MEND:} Marriage End Status (oddball Family Tree Maker tag)\par
{\i NOTE:} Note\par
\par
{\b Events }\par
{\i DIV: } Divorce\par
{\i ANUL:} Anulment\par
{\i MARR:} Marriage\par
{\i DIVF:} Divorce Filed\par
{\i CENS:} Census\par
{\i ENGA:} Engagement\par
{\i MARB:} Marriage Bann\par
{\i MARC:} Marriage Contract\par
{\i MARL:} Marriage License\par
{\i MARS:} Marriage Settlement\par
{\i EVEN:} Custom Event\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Contacting Support}
#{\footnote # Contacting_Support}
K{\footnote K Contacting Support}
+{\footnote + Support:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Contacting Support \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 Support Policy}\par
Technical support is provided free of charge to all registered users of ged2csv.  The trial version of ged2csv is also supported, but only before the trial period has expired.\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Contacting Support}\par
To contact Technical Support send an email to:\par
{\ul\cf12 support@infused.org}\par
\par
You should expect to receive a reply within 24 hours.\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Registration}
#{\footnote # Registration}
K{\footnote K Registration}
+{\footnote + Support:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Registration \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 Why Register?}\par
\par
\par
{\b\cf1 How much does it cost?}\par
The cost is $25.00 (USD)\par
\par
{\b\cf1 How to Register}\par
Easy.  Just point your browser to:\par
{\ul\cf12 http://www.infused.org/software/purchase.htm}\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Payment Options}\par
Sales transactions are currently handled through PayPal payment processing services.  You can use Visa, Master Card, Discover, American Express, or a PayPal transfer to make your purchase.\par
\par
If, for some reason, you do not want to use PayPal I will accept personal checks.  Once your check clears your registration will be sent vial email.  If you want to pay by personal check please email {\ul\cf12 support@infused.org} and ask for details on paying by check.\par
}\page
{${\footnote $ Updates}
#{\footnote # Updates}
K{\footnote K Updates}
+{\footnote + Support:000}
{\keepn\sb50\sa50\f2\fs24\b\cf1 Updates \fs20\par}
\par
{\b\cf1 Update Policy}\par
Updated are free for registered users for a minimum of 2 years from the registration date.  Trial version are always free to use for 30 days.\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Latest Releases}\par
Select Tools/Check for Update\par
\par
The latest release of ged2csv is always available at:\par
{\ul\cf12 http://www.infused.org/software/ged2csv}\par
\par
{\b\cf1 Revision History}\par
The complete history of revisions to ged2csv is available at:\par
{\ul\cf12 http://www.infused.org/software/ged2csv/revisions.htm}\par
}\page
}